(GH-2877) `wait()` with no arguments waits on all Futures from the plan (#2887)
puppetlabs/bolt: documentation/experimental_features.md

have completed in order to ensure that all work is finished. Any errors raised after the calling
plan has finished will be logged at warn level for visibility.

The `wait()` plan function accepts either a single Future object, an array of Futures, or no
Futures. If not provided any Futures, the function implicitly waits for all Futures created up
to that point in the calling plan. The `wait()` function does not wait on any Futures created
in subplans, even if the subplan is called inside a `background()` block. If you want a plan to wait
on a Future object created in a subplan then you must call `wait()` in the subplan directly, or
return Future objects to the calling plan to be explicitly passed to `wait()`.

> For example, the following plan will begin running the code block with three `run_command()` calls on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the following plan runs the code block with three `run_command()` calls on
```

the provided targets in the background, then executes a task in parallel. Once the task has

> finished, the commands may still be running in the background. Another task is kicked off in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
finished, the commands might still be running in the background. Another task is kicked off in the
```

background. Then the backgrounded commands and tasks are waited on before continuing.

```
# $targets = target1,target2,target3
plan myplan(TargetSpec $targets) {
  $binary_future = background("Run mycoolbinary") || {

>     # These commands will still execute sequentially per target. So Bolt connects to the targets in 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # These commands execute sequentially per target. Bolt connects to the targets in 
```

    # parallel, but waits for the cp command to finish before running chmod
    run_command("cp /home/user/Downloads/mycoolbinary /home/user/bin", $targets)
    run_command("chmod +x /home/user/bin/mycoolbinary", $targets)
    run_command("mycoolbinary", $targets)
  }

  # This task runs while the commands above are running
  run_task("mytask", $targets)
  
  # Once the task 'mytask' has finished, start more commands in the background
  $status_future = background("Check service status") || {
    $r = run_command("systemctl status myservice", $targets)
    out::message($r)
  }

>   wait([$binary_future, $status_future]) # This is equivalent to wait() in this plan

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # This is equivalent to wait() in this plan
  wait([$binary_future, $status_future])
```

have completed in order to ensure that all work is finished. Any errors raised after the calling
plan has finished will be logged at warn level for visibility.

> The `wait()` plan function accepts either a single Future object, an array of Futures, or no
> Futures. If not provided any Futures, the function will implicitly wait for all Futures created up
> to that point in the calling plan. Any Futures created in subplans or inside of `background()`
> blocks will not be waited on, even if the subplan is called inside a `background()` block. Users
> must call `wait()` in the subplan or `background()` block directly, or return Future objects to the
> calling plan to be explicitly passed to `wait()`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `wait()` plan function accepts either a single Future object, an array of Futures, or no
Futures. If not provided any Futures, the function implicitly waits for all Futures created up
to that point in the calling plan. The `wait()` function does not wait on any Futures created
in subplans or inside of `background()` blocks, even if the subplan is called inside a 
`background()` block. If you want a plan to wait on a Future object, you must call `wait()` 
in the subplan or `background()` block directly, or return Future objects to the calling plan 
to be explicitly passed to `wait()`.
```

> The function blocks until the Futures finish, with an optional timeout. If provided a timeout, any
> unfinished Futures will raise a timeout error if they have not completed within the timeout. You can
> return errors instead of raising them by passing `_catch_errors => true` to `wait()`. The `wait()`
> function returns the results from the Future blocks once they've all finished. If a Future errors,
> Bolt only raises the error after all other Futures finish executing and return to `wait()`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The function blocks until the Futures finish, with an optional timeout. If provided a timeout,
unfinished Futures raise a timeout error if they have not completed within the timeout. You can
return errors instead of raising them by passing `_catch_errors => true` to `wait()`. The `wait()`
function returns the results from the Future blocks once they've all finished. If a Future errors,
Bolt only raises the error after all other Futures finish executing and return to `wait()`.
```

have completed in order to ensure that all work is finished. Any errors raised after the calling
plan has finished will be logged at warn level for visibility.

The `wait()` plan function accepts either a single Future object, an array of Futures, or no
Futures. If not provided any Futures, the function implicitly waits for all Futures created up
to that point in the calling plan. The `wait()` function does not wait on any Futures created
in subplans or inside of `background()` blocks, even if the subplan is called inside a 
`background()` block. If you want a plan to wait on a Future object, you must call `wait()` 
in the subplan or `background()` block directly, or return Future objects to the calling plan 

> to be explicitly passed to `wait()`.

Reviewer: I think an example describing how to properly wait on futures from sub-plans would be helpful.

Author: Ended up including a different (simpler) example, especially since I think now that blocks are less complicated (since we're not using the scope to determine wait ID) the futures from subplans bit is less confusing.
